From now on
You are my man
I will not allow anyone to bully you
Well, haven't you asked me yet?
I didn't think you were poor
What's not enough?
I don't agree with this.
Does my business have anything to do with you?
Longyuan County has been divorced
What qualifications do you have to care about him now, Mr. Tang?
He was nothing.
Not worthy of you at all
Yes, Mr. Tang
Ye Longyuan, this trash, has nothing
Not yet capable
Not worthy of your favor
You mother and daughter have no eyes.
Let me give up on the real dragon like you
Do you think it is possible
Mr. Tang, oops
It was all a misunderstanding just now
This project cooperation, you see
Wang Yuan
Do you think this project should be given to him?
I said this
No kid mom
You don't have to ask them.
It's gone. It's gone.
I don't care either
This is a 100 billion order.
If I say no, I won't give it.
Don't console yourselves here
Shallow woman
After tonight, I will grow up a girl Wu Hong
Affiliated to Tianmen high-level
See that throne?
That's the throne of God
After the canonization banquet, I will be the master of God
There will be a lot of people begging me to cooperate
I don't care about your Tang family